doc: util.debuglog callback (#33856)
nodejs/node: doc/api/util.md

});
```

## `util.debuglog(section[, callback])`
<!-- YAML
added: v0.11.3
-->

* `section` {string} A string identifying the portion of the application for
  which the `debuglog` function is being created.

> * `callback` {Function} A callback invoked the first time the logging function

Reviewer: minor nit
```suggestion
* `callback` {Function} A callback invoked the first time when the logging function
```

Reviewer 2: Adding the `when` here is superfluous.

});
```

## `util.debuglog(section[, callback])`
<!-- YAML
added: v0.11.3
-->

* `section` {string} A string identifying the portion of the application for
  which the `debuglog` function is being created.

> * `callback` {Function} A callback that is called with `null` if the section is
> disabled or the logging function if enabled the first time the logging function
> is called.

Author: ```suggestion
* `callback` {Function} A callback invoked the first time the logging function
is called with a function argument that is a more optimized logging function.
```

Multiple comma-separated `section` names may be specified in the `NODE_DEBUG`
environment variable: `NODE_DEBUG=fs,net,tls`.

The optional `callback` argument can be used to replace the logging function
with a different function that doesn't have any initialization or
unnecessary wrapping.

```js
const util = require('util');

> let makeInternalsPublic = false;

Author: ```suggestion
const makeInternalsPublic = false;
```

> const makeInternalsPublic = false;

Author: ```suggestion
```

> const debuglog = util.debuglog('internals', (debug) => {

Author: ```suggestion
let debuglog = util.debuglog('internals', (debug) => {
```

>   // replace with a logging function that optimizes out

Author: ```suggestion
  // Replace with a logging function that optimizes out
```

Multiple comma-separated `section` names may be specified in the `NODE_DEBUG`
environment variable: `NODE_DEBUG=fs,net,tls`.

> The optional `callback` argument can be used to perform logic depending on if
> a section is enabled.
> 
> ```js
> const util = require('util');
> let makeInternalsPublic = false;
> const debug = util.debuglog('internals', (debug) => {
>   makeInternalsPublic = debug !== null;
> });
> let counter = 1;
> debug('exposing internals, do not use them as a public API');
> module.exports = {
>   internal: makeInternalsPublic ? {
>     setCounter(newValue) {
>       counter = newValue;
>     }
>   } : null,
>   nextValue() {
>     return counter++;
>   }
> };
> ```
> 

Author: ````suggestion
The optional `callback` argument can be used to replace the logging function
with a different function that doesn't have any initialization or
unnecessary wrapping.

```js
const util = require('util');
let makeInternalsPublic = false;
const debuglog = util.debuglog('internals', (debug) => {
  // replace with a logging function that optimizes out
  // testing if the section is enabled
  debuglog = debug;
});
```

````
